docs: Fix known issues dates (#8101)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/known-issues.md

> | Agent mode Edge cluster creation may fail with logs showing the error `failed calling webhook "pod-registry.spectrocloud.com": tls: failed to verify certificate: x509: certificate signed by unknown authority ("Spectro Cloud")...`. As a result, core components such as CNI, Harbor, and cluster controllers never start. All pods remain in **Pending** or **Failed** state. In the Local UI, packs display **Invalid date** in the **Started On** and **Completed On** fields.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Refer to [Troubleshooting - Edge](../troubleshooting/edge/edge.md#scenario---x509-certificate-signed-by-unknown-authority-errors-during-agent-mode-cluster-creation) for the workaround.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | September 1, 2025  | Edge                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Agent mode Edge cluster creation may fail with logs showing the error `failed calling webhook "pod-registry.spectrocloud.com": tls: failed to verify certificate: x509: certificate signed by unknown authority ("Spectro Cloud")...`. As a result, core components such as CNI, Harbor, and cluster controllers never start. All pods remain in **Pending** or **Failed** state. In the Local UI, packs display **Invalid date** in the **Started On** and **Completed On** fields.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Refer to [Troubleshooting - Edge](../troubleshooting/edge/edge.md#scenario---x509-certificate-signed-by-unknown-authority-errors-during-agent-mode-cluster-creation) for the workaround.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | January 6, 2024  | Edge                         |
```
